And first things first.
Why don't we start with the very basics where any time you're going to want to work would see us as
grid.
You're going to need two things.
You're going to need a parent container that's going to have display set the grid.
And second you're going to need some children item.
So that could be one child.
That could be thousand children within that parent container and those would be the basics of C says
grid.
All right.
Now if you don't have that if you're not going to have the parent container sets it says grid or you're
going to have some kind of parent container with no children.
Well it's not going to be possible for you to experience these things as grid.
Now once we understand the very very basics why don't we look at the most important two properties that
we can use a lot when we're working with C assessed grid.
So first and foremost let's target container.
And like so man I would like to set up a selector.
So I'm setting up my selector and what kind of styles out one.
Well like I said for the parent I'm going to need display grid.
And that's number one.
And second I said a very very important property is going to be grid template columns and in most cases
this is the property that you are going to use when you work and would see us as grid.
So first and foremost set display as grid or the parent container.
And then in order to set up your columns you're going to use grid hyphen template hyphen columns and
then the syntax is following where I'm just coming up with how many columns I would like to have if
you'd want to have two columns.
Well it couldn't be easier which is right the width of the column which in my case is going to be 200
pixels and that corresponds to a first column and then I need to come up with well what will be the
size of the second column.
And in this case I'm going to go with three hundred and that's at the moment we do that.
I do have right away.
My CEO says grid setup.
Now in this case I'm going to zoom model but because as you can see if I had really zoom then while
it was out of my screen right now I also may be going to make this little bit bigger my browser window.
So that way you can clearly see.
So it couldn't be easier.
We have parent container then in this case we have two children.
And then if I would want to have a two column layout with my sister's grid I just head over to my parent
container selected then make sure that it is set as display grid and then use the grid template columns
property where I can specifically say what kind of columns I would like.
What would be the width of the columns and how many columns.
So in this case inside I want two columns I just write 200 pixel value first and then 300 picks over
and there you go.
I have a grid layout with two columns.